Su Yuze, how dare you throw my clothes away?
I warn you
You'd better pick up my clothes quickly
Otherwise, I'll let you walk around
Humph
Then why did Mr. Qin invite me here?
Mr. Su, the trouble I encountered this time
Can you really solve it? Of course
Mr. Qin, do you believe me or him?
Do I know you well?
Why should I believe you, I'll tell you so
He can't solve the surname Su
Only I can solve it.
And it's true.
The four buildings cannot be filled with cement pouring
And the wall broke for no reason
This is an unnatural phenomenon
I really can't solve it.
Did Mr. Qin hear that?
But I hired fairies.
The famous feng shui master, Master Xu, will solve the problem.
Top Master of Feng Shui Master Xu
A lot of rich people can't get it
How did you invite me?
It's easy, just spend more money.
Su Shao is serious
Even if you don't want a penny
I am also willing to help Young Master Su
It's my pleasure.
I didn't expect the famous Master Xu
I actually helped this guy named Su be a dog
Humph
Sin of Su Family Jinling
Business Overlord
The person who wants to be a dog for the young master of the Su family
You can go around Jinling 10 times.
You are a nobody
Not even a chance to be a dog
Well, the last name is Su
Even if you invite Master Xu over
You can't solve this trouble either
Why are you so confident?
And it's completely confidential that I'm in trouble
Young Master Su knew because I told him
You are a low-level person who is not even an ordinary person
How could anyone be entitled to know?